hello it's freely and good morning so
today I'm going to be showing you a
morning routine for a study day so I
will try to wake up maybe at around 7:00
and then I will read in bed and I
actually finished my book this morning I
was reading the book mice which is
really good I really enjoyed it
[Music]
when I get out of the shower I like to
make my bed I love making my bed it's
always worth doing it doesn't take very
long that it sets you up very nicely for
the day then I will head to the bathroom
where I will first we'll open up the
shutters
just to let some daylight in and then I
will brush my teeth and I usually will
read when I brush my teeth but I
finished my book just now so I wasn't
able to then I'll head back to my room
and I'll open up my curtains and today
was just so so sunny the sky was a
beautiful dark blue so next I will plan
my day I will plan my study session and
I will use my pumpkin productivity study
planner which you can get on my website
if you are interested
[Music]
since I was the first one up I had to
let them out and I decided to go outside
I like to go outside in the mornings
because the weather is just getting so
so lovely and I like to do power poses
in the morning because it kind of helps
you to feel more confident and it makes
you feel like you're ready to take on
the day then just again some very light
exercise in the morning because I think
it's nice to start the day with
something active I just went on the
trampoline and you can see my daughter's
trying to get off the trampoline the
whole time might be too wet
[Music]
next I went in Greece the chickens just
to say hello
lynnie
[Music]
okay
so then I had it inside to get myself
some breakfast and today I decided to
have some yogurt with phrasing fruit and
some cereal with that
and I went into the living room to eat
this because since my dinner party we've
had the dining table in the lounge also
opened up the shutters in there to let
some more daylight in and over breakfast
I was reading the newspaper
[Music]
so after washing up I decided to head to
the home library so I could choose the
next book I was going to read because
I'd already gone about half an hour
without reading a book because I needed
to find something death and those
trainee read fast we've got the woman in
black and we have also got a tear of tea
tea tea so then I headed back to the
kitchen and I decided to make myself
some tea
[Music]
so then I headed upstairs and they
decided to get on with some what I like
to get on with walk as early as I can in
the morning even though I hadn't
technically finished getting ready yet
because I hadn't done my hair so I
worked on doing some flashcards for
about half an hour once they were done I
then went and did my hair this is just
something I like to do to help me feel
like my morning is more productive so it
makes me feel like I've done a lot more
with my day by the time that say 8
o'clock rolls around alack sir give me
my flash news briefly so this is the
hairstyle that I've been doing every day
for the last week really it's my new
favorite hairstyle basically what you do
is you get a small piece of hair on one
side on either side and you twist these
and you keep on adding hair into the
twist as you do it and then you use this
twisted part to make a new plan but I'll
leave a tutorial down below
[Music]
and I put on some face cream and also
some eye cream and if I'm going out I
might put on some makeup as well so I
was going out later this afternoon so I
decided to put on this green concealer
and some normal concealer because I have
rosacea which means that my cheeks got
very very red and I also filled in my
eyebrows and then the next thing I would
do the last thing before getting on with
work is just going on LinkedIn and
updating any connection I recently got
LinkedIn and I'm really enjoying using
it and here's a really important
platform steps so thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and I hope that you have a
productive week
[Music]
you